README.md, before:

# burgerBoss
Single Page Front-End / Back-End sql project

### Overview

A burger logger utilizing MySQL, Node, Express, Handlebars and a homemade ORM following the MVC design pattern; Node and MySQL  query and route data  and Handlebars templates and generates the HTML.

### Burger App

* Whenever a user submits a burger's name, the app will display the burger on the left side of the page -- waiting to be devoured.

* Each burger in the waiting area also has a `Devour it!` button. When the user clicks it, the burger will move to the right side of the page.

* The app will store every burger in a database, whether devoured or not.

## Instructions

#### DB Setup

   * Make sure you're in the `db` folder of your app.

   * Start MySQL command line tool and login: `mysql -u root -p`.

   * With the `mysql>` command line tool running, enter the command `source schema.sql`. This will run your schema file and all of the queries in it -- in other words, you'll be creating your database.

   * Now insert the entries you defined in `seeds.sql` by running the file: `source seeds.sql`.

   * Close out of the MySQL command line tool: `exit`.


#### View setup

1. Inside your `burger` directory, create a folder named `views`.

   * Create the `index.handlebars` file inside `views` directory.

   * Create the `layouts` directory inside `views` directory.

     * Create the `main.handlebars` file inside `layouts` directory.

     * Setup the `main.handlebars` file so it's able to be used by Handlebars.

     * Setup the `index.handlebars` to have the template that Handlebars can render onto.

     * Create a button in `index.handlebars` that will submit the user input into the database.

#### Directory structure

All the recommended files and directories from the steps above should look like the following structure:

```
.
├── config
│   ├── connection.js
│   └── orm.js
│ 
├── controllers
│   └── burgers_controller.js
│
├── db
│   ├── schema.sql
│   └── seeds.sql
│
├── models
│   └── burger.js
│ 
├── node_modules
│ 
├── package.json
│
├── public
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── css
│   │   │   └── burger_style.css
│   │   └── img
│   │       └── burger.png
│   └── test.html
│
├── server.js
│
└── views
    ├── index.handlebars
    └── layouts
        └── main.handlebars
```

- - -

### Minimum Requirements

Attempt to complete homework assignment as described in instructions. If unable to complete certain portions, please pseudocode these portions to describe what remains to be completed.

- - -

### Hosting on Heroku

Now that we have a backend to our applications, we use Heroku for hosting. Please note that while **Heroku is free**, it will request credit card information if you have more than 5 applications at a time or are adding a database. 

Please see [Heroku’s Account Verification Information](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/account-verification) for more details. 

- - -

### One More Thing

This is a really tough homework assignment, but we want you to put in your best effort to finish it.

If you have any questions about this project or the material we have covered, please post them in the community channels in slack so that your fellow developers can help you! If you're still having trouble, you can come to office hours for assistance from your instructor and TAs.



**Good Luck!**

## Copyright

Coding Boot Camp (C) 2016. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Adding POST route with proper functionality

README.md, after:

# burgerBoss
Single Page Front-End / Back-End sql project

### Overview

A burger logger utilizing MySQL, Node, Express, Handlebars and a homemade ORM following the MVC design pattern; Node and MySQL  query and route data  and Handlebars templates and generates the HTML.

### Burger App

* Whenever a user submits a burger's name, the app will display the burger on the left side of the page -- waiting to be devoured.

* Each burger in the waiting area also has a `Devour it!` button. When the user clicks it, the burger will move to the right side of the page.

* The app will store every burger in a database, whether devoured or not.

## Instructions

#### DB Setup

   * Make sure you're in the `db` folder of your app.

   * Start MySQL command line tool and login: `mysql -u root -p`.

   * With the `mysql>` command line tool running, enter the command `source schema.sql`. This will run your schema file and all of the queries in it -- in other words, you'll be creating your database.

   * Now insert the entries you defined in `seeds.sql` by running the file: `source seeds.sql`.

   * Close out of the MySQL command line tool: `exit`.


#### View setup

1. Inside your `burger` directory, create a folder named `views`.

   * Create the `index.handlebars` file inside `views` directory.

   * Create the `layouts` directory inside `views` directory.

     * Create the `main.handlebars` file inside `layouts` directory.

     * Setup the `main.handlebars` file so it's able to be used by Handlebars.

     * Setup the `index.handlebars` to have the template that Handlebars can render onto.

     * Create a button in `index.handlebars` that will submit the user input into the database.

#### Directory structure

All the recommended files and directories from the steps above should look like the following structure:

```
.
├── config
│   ├── connection.js
│   └── orm.js
│ 
├── controllers
│   └── burgers_controller.js
│
├── db
│   ├── schema.sql
│   └── seeds.sql
│
├── models
│   └── burger.js
│ 
├── node_modules
│ 
├── package.json
│
├── public
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── css
│   │   │   └── burger_style.css
│   │   └── img
│   │       └── burger.png
│   └── test.html
│
├── server.js
│
└── views
    ├── index.handlebars
    └── layouts
        └── main.handlebars
```

### Screen Shots of Functionality

#### Database Setup and Logging Posts Correctly
![alt text](/img/ss1.png)
![alt text](/img/ss2.png)

#### View of Page
    - Missing PUT functionality.  Keep getting errors.... routing is not correct
![alt text](/img/ss3.png)
![alt text](/img/ss4.png)

#### Saw a lot of these errors.  
![alt text](/img/ss5.png)
![alt text](/img/ss6.png)



### Hosting on Heroku

Without all the functionality I did not push to Heroku yet.  Thought it would be better to have it wait.  Feel pretty comfortable with how to do that.  Just out of time
